Documentation update (#87)
microsoft/winget-cli-restsource: Tools/PowershellModule/doc/new-winget-rest-source-azure.md

> # Create a REST source Windows Package Manager

Reviewer: Huh? This string flipped?

shouldn't this be "Create a Windows Package Manager Rest source"?

> This section provides guidance on how to create a REST source that can be connected to using the Windows Package Manager for ISVs or Publishers who may have additional privacy requirements for their software distribution.

Reviewer: This string is still confusingly phrased and off message guidance.

```suggestion
This section provides guidance on how to create a REST source for the Windows Package Manager. ISVs or Publishers may host and manage a rest source if they would like full control of the applications available in a source. An independently hosted source may choose to expose the read endpoints publicly or restrict access to specific IP address via the addition of a traffic shaping module.  The basic setups configured by the cmdlets and examples result in a source that is publicly readable but requires an authorization key to manage. 
```

Reviewer 2: I don't think it's just ISVs or Publishers. It's essentially "anyone". I'd say "customers" here most likely.

The following steps are required for managing a Windows Package Manager REST source with PowerShell:

1. Download and install the `Microsoft.WinGet.Source` PowerShell Module.
2. Automate the creation of a Windows Package Manager REST source.
3. Publishing Application Manifests to the Windows Package Manager REST source.
4. Retrieve published Application Manifests from the Windows Package Manager REST source.
5. Remove published Applications Manifests from the Windows Package Manager REST source.

### Download and install the PowerShell module

The following steps must be performed before the PowerShell cmdlets are available for use with the Windows Package Manager REST source.

1. Open an Edge Browser.
2. Navigate to [https://github.com/microsoft/winget-cli-restsource/releases](https://github.com/microsoft/winget-cli-restsource/releases).

> 3. Download the latest release of the Microsoft.WinGet.Source PowerShell module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Download the latest release of the Microsoft.WinGet.Source PowerShell module. (WinGet.RestSource-Winget.PowerShell.Source.zip)
```

4. Open a File Explorer window, and navigate to where you downloaded the Microsoft.WinGet.Source PowerShell module.

> 5. Right-click on the `Microsoft.WinGet.Source` PowerShell module, and select **Extract all** from the drop-down menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Right-click on WinGet.RestSource-Winget.PowerShell.Source.zip, and select **Extract all** from the drop-down menu.
```

6. In the new window, select the **Extract** button.

> 7. After the extraction has completed, navigate to `.\Microsoft.WinGet.Source\src`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. After the extraction has completed, navigate to '<extracted folder>\WinGet.RestSource-Winget.Powershell.Source'.
```

8. In combination, press [Ctrl]+[Shift]+Right-click on the `Microsoft.WinGet.Source.psd1` file. Select **Copy Path** from the drop-down menu.
9. Open an **Administrative PowerShell** window.
10. Run the following command from the Administrative PowerShell window:

    ```Powershell
    PS C:\> Import-Module [Paste the path to the Microsoft.WinGet.Source.psd1 file]
    ```

### Automate the creation of a Windows Package Manager REST source

> The `Microsoft.WinGet.Source` PowerShell module provides the [New-WinGetSource](.\PowerShell\New-WinGetSource.md) cmdlet to simplify the creation of a Windows Package Manager REST source. This PowerShell cmdlet will initiate a connection to Azure if not currently connected. Validating that the connection is established with a specific Subscription (if specified). Generate the ARM Parameter files with specified values, then create Azure resources with the generated ARM Parameter files and the provided ARM Template files.

Reviewer: [New-WinGetSource](.\PowerShell\New-WinGetSource.md) 

Broken link

> The `New-WinGetSource` PowerShell cmdlet makes use of the following input parameters. For more information on how to use this cmdlet, use the `Get-Help New-WinGetSource -Full` or visit the [New-WinGetSource PowerShell Article](.\PowerShell\New-WinGetSource.md) in Docs.

Reviewer: [New-WinGetSource PowerShell Article](.\PowerShell\New-WinGetSource.md)

broken link

|----------|----------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Yes      | Name                       | A string of letters which will be prefixed to your newly created Azure resources.                                                   |
| Yes      | ResourceGroup              | The Resource Group that will be used to contain the Azure resources.                                                                |
| No       | SubscriptionName           | The name of the Azure Subscription that will be used to pay for the Azure resources.                                                |
| No       | Region                     | The Azure location where the Azure resources will be created. (Default: westus)                                                     |
| No       | ParameterOutput            | The folder location where the ARM parameter files will be created.                                                                  |

> | No       | RESTSourcePath             | Path to the compiled REST API Zip file. (Default: \Library\RestAPI\WinGet.RestSource.Functions.zip)                                 |

Reviewer: Parameer name Caps

| No       | ImplementationPerformance  | specifies the performance of the resources to be created for the Windows Package Manager REST source. ["Demo", "Basic", "Enhanced"] |
| No       | ShowConnectionInstructions | If specified, the instructions for connecting to the new Windows Package Manager REST source will be provided. (Default: False)     |

> The PowerShell Module must be re-imported each time the PowerShell window is closed. To create a new Windows Package Manager REST source this:

Reviewer: "To create a new Windows Package Manager REST source this:" ?

Fragment

1. From an Administrative PowerShell window run the following:

    ```PowerShell
    PS C:\> New-WinGetSource -Name "contoso" -ResourceGroup "WinGetRestSource" -Region "westus" -ImplementationPerformance "Demo" -ShowConnectionInstructions
    ```

2. After the above command has completed, copy and run the connection information provided for your newly created Windows Package Manager REST source to add to your winget client.

> [!Note]
> To prevent having to re-install this new PowerShell module each time, review the instructions in the [Installing a PowerShell Module on Microsoft Docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/developer/module/installing-a-powershell-module?view=powershell-7.1)

### Add manifests to the REST source

> The Windows Package Manager REST source provides a location for hosting your Application Manifests. After the creation of your Windows Package Manager REST source has completed, you'll need to add Application Manifests for your users to install from. Using the `Microsoft.WinGet.Source` PowerShell module, the [Add-WinGetManifest](.\PowerShell\Add-WinGetManifest.md) cmdlet will add new Application Manifests to your Windows Package Manager REST source.

Reviewer: Broken link

> The `Add-WinGetManifest` PowerShell cmdlet supports targeting a specific `*.json` file, or a folder containing `*.yaml` files for a single application manifest. For more information on how to use this cmdlet, use the command: `Get-Help Add-WinGetManifest -Full` or visit the [Add-WinGetManifest article in the PowerShell docs](.\PowerShell\New-WinGetManifest.md).

Reviewer: broken link

The PowerShell Module must be re-imported each time the PowerShell window is closed. To add an Application Manifest open the Administrative PowerShell Window and run the following:

```PowerShell
PS C:\> Add-WinGetManifest -FunctionName "contoso" -Path "C:\WinGet\Manifests\Windows.PowerToys\1.0.0"
```

## Get manifests from the REST source

> The Windows Package Manager REST source provides a location for hosting your Application Manifests. The `Microsoft.WinGet.Source` PowerShell module provides the [Get-WinGetManifest](.\PowerShell\Get-WinGetManifest.md) cmdlet that will use ManifestGET against a specified Windows Package Manager REST source to fetch all application or a specific application by Package Identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Windows Package Manager REST source provides a location for hosting your Application Manifests. The `Microsoft.WinGet.Source` PowerShell module provides the [Get-WinGetManifest](.\PowerShell\Get-WinGetManifest.md) cmdlet that will use ManifestGet against a specified Windows Package Manager REST source to fetch all applications or a specific application by Package Identifier.
```

> The Windows Package Manager REST source provides a location for hosting your Application Manifests. The `Microsoft.WinGet.Source` PowerShell module provides the [Get-WinGetManifest](.\PowerShell\Get-WinGetManifest.md) cmdlet that will use ManifestGET against a specified Windows Package Manager REST source to fetch all application or a specific application by Package Identifier.

Reviewer: broken link

Alternatively, the `Get-WinGetManifest` PowerShell cmdlet supports targeting a specific `*.json` file or `*.yaml` files as well as targeting an existing Windows Package Manager REST source. For more information on how to use this cmdlet, use the `Get-Help Get-WinGetManifest -Full` or visit the [Get-WinGetManifest article in the PowerShell docs](.\PowerShell\Get-WinGetManifest.md).

The PowerShell Module must be re-imported each time the PowerShell window is closed. To get an Application Manifest open the Administrative PowerShell Window and run the following:

```PowerShell
PS C:\> Get-WinGetManifest -FunctionName "contoso" -ManifestIdentifier "Windows.PowerToys"
```

## Remove manifests from a REST source

> The Windows Package Manager REST source provides a location for hosting your Application Manifests. The `Microsoft.WinGet.Source` PowerShell module provides the [Remove-WinGetManifest](.\PowerShell\Remove-WinGetManifest.md) cmdlet that will remove a specific Application Manifest from the specified Windows Package Manager REST source.

Reviewer: broken link

> The `Remove-WinGetManifest` PowerShell cmdlet supports targeting an existing Windows Package Manager REST source for a specific Package Identifier. For more information on how to use this cmdlet, use the `Get-Help Remove-WinGetManifest -Full` or visit the [Remove-WinGetManifest article in the PowerShell docs](.\PowerShell\Remove-WinGetManifest.md).

Reviewer: broken link

10. Select the **Review + create** button at the bottom of the blade.
11. Assuming the validation has passed, select the **Create** button.
12. After your deployment has completed, continue to the steps in the next section.

### Storage Account

An Azure storage account contains all of your Azure Storage data objects: blobs, file shares, queues, tables, and disks. The Storage account created below will be used to store the Azure Function binaries.

For more information on Azure Storage Accounts, visit [Storage account overview](/azure/storage/common/storage-account-overview).

1. Open your Microsoft Edge browser, and navigate to your Azure Portal ([https://portal.azure.com](https://portal.azure.com))
2. In the search bar at the top of the Azure Portal, type *Resource Groups* and select **Resource groups** from the drop down.
3. Select your Resource Group ("*WinGet_RESTSource*") from the list.
4. At the top of the window, select the **+ Create** button.
5. In the search bar, type in "*Storage Account*".
6. Select **Storage Account** from the search results.
7. Select the **Create** button.
8. In the **Project Details** ensure the following values have been set:

>     - Subscription: "Contoso Azure Subscription"

Reviewer: Inconsistent with the first example now:

[Subscription Name]

### App Service plan

An Azure App Service plan defines a set of compute resources for a web app to run. These compute resources are analogous to the server farm in conventional web hostings. The Azure Function that will be created to provide the Windows Package Manager REST source will operate within this Azure App Service plan allowing it to scale to the demand.

For more information on App Service plans, visit their Docs article: [Azure App Service plan overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/overview-hosting-plans).

1. Open your Microsoft Edge browser, and navigate to your Azure Portal ([https://portal.azure.com](https://portal.azure.com))
1. In the search bar at the top of the Azure Portal, type *Resource Groups* and select **Resource groups** from the drop down.
1. Select your Resource Group ("*WinGet_RESTSource*") from the list.
1. At the top of the window, select the **+ Create** button.
1. In the search bar, type in "*App Service plan*".
1. Select **App Service plan** from the search results.
1. Select the **Create** button.
1. In the **Project Details** ensure the following values have been set:

>     - Subscription: "Contoso Azure Subscription"

Reviewer: Inconsistent with the first example now:

[Subscription Name]

For more information on Azure Cosmos database, visit their Docs article: [Azure Cosmos DB resource model](/azure/cosmos-db/account-databases-containers-items#elements-in-an-azure-cosmos-account)

**How to:**

1. Open your Microsoft Edge browser, and navigate to your Azure Portal ([https://portal.azure.com](https://portal.azure.com))
1. In the search bar at the top of the Azure Portal, type *Resource Groups* and select **Resource groups** from the drop down.
1. Select your Resource Group ("*WinGet_RESTSource*") from the list.
1. At the top of the window, select the **+ Create** button.
1. In the search bar, type in "*Azure Cosmos DB*".
1. Select **Azure Cosmos DB** from the search results.
1. Select the **Create** button.
1. Select the **Create** button in relation to *Core (SQL) - Recommended*.
1. In the **Project Details** ensure the following values have been set:

>     - Subscription: "Contoso Azure Subscription"

Reviewer: Inconsistent with the first example now:

[Subscription Name]

        - Value: [Value]
        - Deployment slot setting: Disabled

### Import Windows Package Manager API

1. Open a PowerShell window on your computer.

    ``` PowerShell

>     PS C:\> $RestAPI = "C:\Projects\winget-cli-restsource\winget-cli-restsource.zip"

Reviewer: what is this path?  Should this be a pointer to the release download for the azure functions?
If you expect people to be building the solution locally, this should be pointing to how to generate the packaged azure functions output locally?

Author: I'm confused.. this is the retrieved ZIP from releases... done locally?
